So back to risk seeking and risk aversion.
My risk aversion has led me to look
at what people in the past have done,
because I don't like to
risk someone saying,
that's just this that we did 30 years ago.
And I'm sort of always driven
to prevent that from happening.
And so I look back.
I become the historian of
the field to some extent,
with Rich's help to, of course,
and that's what fascinates me.
I love how these things are connected and
this fabric,
the dynamic programming and
control and prediction and
all these things, not to mention
the psychology and neuroscience.
I mean,
those kind of connections fascinate me.
So in that article in AI magazine,
I repeated what I said at
the first RLDM meeting.
I did an opening remarks,
and I said if you reinvent the wheel, and
there's a lot of wheel like stuff in RL.
Call it a wheel or maybe an improved
wheel, rather than something different.
Because that's what connects this field
to the whole body of, it's moving
forward in terms of increasing one's
armament of algorithms and techniques.
Don't give it some name that
doesn't connect to anything.
I wanted to ask you about this, and
I mentioned how growing
up as a graduate student,
you were an important influence on me and
the things I've
learned from you and
still continue to learn from you.
And one of the big things is
just scholarship has just,
when I grew up with you and I wrote
things and you would tell me things,
you would call my,
you called it purple prose.
And I was just too effusive, and
you wanted to rein me in and
make me more accurate and
more respectful of my predecessors.
And this is something I think
I've learned from you and
I'm now trying to pass it on to others,
scholarship and craftsmanship.
I know you are also a carpenter.
And I just wondered how you
you became this way, and
how do you think about the craftsmanship
and scholarship of being a scientist.
Well, so your mom taught, right?
>> Yeah, that's true.
>> And I gave you a hard time
on the draft of your thesis.
So he comes back with a stack of books
on writing this high on his desk and
now he's an extremely good good writer,
and
my students still complain about that.
I mean, I can't read the, I can't-
>> They complain about me being
a good writer?
>> No no, about me.
You are an absolutely [CROSSTALK].
>> [CROSSTALK] a good writer,
it's important.
>> I can't focus on the technical
stuff unless the writing it
takes to drive students nuts,
but they're better.
Well craftsmanship.
Yeah, I guess I like I'm
a perfectionist in some sense and
Why the errors in the book but
you know, I like it.
I like something to be a lasting thing
that I have to keep fooling with,
you know finished product and
You Know Rich posted our
graphs on the internet,
which I really didn't like that.
It's yielded a lot of wonderful comment.
So but like it's not perfect.
You know, I don't want other people read.
Reading that so so rich, you know put
it all out there and that's fine.
But I would have preferred to Spring
a perfect gone people at the end.
I don't know I mean, so is it is it
risk aversion as well that leads to
let me when I work with my hands and
building something.
I you know,
I if I if there's a little mistake.
If I don't fix it, Bob's me,
whenever I look at the product I
could you know, anything,
you know years later others out but
I think it's a very timely thing for
our field because there's a feeling
that we wanted to move faster
because things are heating up.
And so there's this tension
between the desire to get
Get done faster to get somewhere faster.
And do something good.
So we want lasting.